00:00 Okay, and look, I'm just going through the website. So, starting off first thing first with the homepage. I did mention this last time, but need to increase the logo size.
00:16 Number 1. Need to try and bring this logo a little bit more quiet because it looks way out. So it's not going to work.
00:23 The hero image, is being completely removed, so that also needs to be updated. Umm, there's no even- and that's what there's not even an image at the moment.
00:34 Umm, even the one that you had there before that was moving, that's completely gone. So, we- We're gonna do one with, uh, um, our branding, but we obviously haven't done this, so.
00:48 Bye. So I was gonna suggest, if it's possible, uhm, if you can number one send me a clear list or even better an email.
01:02 Exactly what do you need? You I'm pretty sure I know what you need, but better if you let me know what you need exactly.
01:10 But what I was thinking was, We have a customer on the phone, who we record, and it looks like they're calling the office.
01:19 Then, ah, they speak, with someone in the office, and they pretend like they're speaking to the customer. The job gets booked.
01:28 What you wait for? Alright. Emo confirmation gets sent out to the customer. Once the emo customer, uh, confirmation sent, then there's our techni- calling the customer that says he's half an hour away.
01:41 He arrives at the door, shows him walking- into the door. It shows him speaking with the customer. It shows him inspecting the customer.
01:51 I mean, the, the appliance and then from- it also shows him, uh, showing the customer what's wrong with our appliance, like a faulty part, maybe.
02:00 We'll see in the next video. And then from there, once it's complete, uhm, uh, showing the customer again that it's, that it's being repaid.
02:09 And maybe towards the end, the technician and the customer with thumbs up, uhm, and then pretty much him leaving the house.
02:17 That's what I'm thinking to do, but if you've got any better ideas, let me know, uhm, so that we can sort of make that video.
02:25 For this section that we're planning to, and then for this section here in the hero image, uhm, I think just having, a technician doing what we had before, where we had, like, the technician opening the oven and looking into the oven, I think that would be a good, solution to do the same thing, but with
02:43 our branded technician, just like a, I don't know, like a four or five second video, and we can have a, that in, but let me know.
02:51 Umm, locations we service. Thank you Okay, so that's, that's fixed. the across Melbourne. All of them. So we've got, northern, western suburbs, south east suburbs, northern suburbs, south east suburbs again, and then, ok, so that's a problem.
03:33 You obviously don't want to repeat the same thing you want it to go through. We'll see the next Bye. example northern suburbs, which western suburbs, south east south east suburbs.
03:45 suburbs, northern suburbs, too. Thank you. That should be eastern suburbs. I think that's the mistake that's been made. Instead of south-east and south-east, one should be south-east and one should be eastern suburbs.
04:01 So that needs to be fixed on the locations, uh, or appear not or expect. So. Okay, I have more major influences, which one's here for, uh, a sort of ace.
04:15 is. Oh, it's useful. It's good. I would probably add in this section here is to say, instead of putting it the way it is, we'd say we provide certified on-site repairs for all made.
04:42 You find your household and commercial appliances. We repair all kitchen and laundry appliances. Umm. From your refrigerator in the kitchen to your washing machine in the laundry, our expert technicians ensure fast, reliable, and I wouldn't say, uhh, go- and tell you fix, cuz you can't fix everything
05:04 . To ensure a fast and reliable, umm, cost-effective fix that- That's what I will do. Learn more about our services. Click that button.
05:16 Okay, so this takes us to the, umm. Please tell me. Access to the website. Say this is good. How you've got that?
05:26 Technician and the photos. I like that. That's awesome. Okay. And be right Now I'm back in a sec that's on services.
05:34 Umm, I like this how you put this as the main page because this is a really good self-service, so that's good.
05:41 Umm, a faulty coffee machine can disrupt, you can finish. You Okay, one thing that I can see here is you're showing a Juro coffee machine, but you have any- included Jura here in the brands, which is the most important one.
06:06 So I would put here technicians diagnose and repair all major coffee machine brands from you can start with Jura, from Jura, then go to Breville and Zolongi to an espresso and sambain.
06:18 In the demi- the mission. And then you can name a few in the commercial range. Umm, and then just say, plus, much more.
06:26 all. 8 Or, plus, so, plus many more brands. Friends. Just put down that, umm, we carry a central- In-set of putting, we carry a central parts, to ensure our most repairs, just so that we carry, um, a lot of- of common everyday used spare parts, in inventory, to ensure most repairs are completed quickly
06:57 and efficiently. So you can enjoy your perfect cup again in no time. That-that will be better. Umm. I'll come over to the button.
07:06 Just later. Fridge. Okay. So this is a domestic fridge. This is all- Also a domestic fridge, not a commercial fridge.
07:17 That we need to replace. But how you've done this, this is perfect in my- A domestic fridge, and then if we can add like a photo of a commercial fridge, that would be much better.
07:30 Get up. So, I don't need to show you one that probably would be good. Uhh, uhh. Nah, not this one.
07:46 Commercial. I'm sure. Uhh, a fridge. inch. What the hell? Commercial. Feel. Good. Keep walking. What's commercial here? What's commercial? Fridge?
08:14 each. There's a domestic, there's a not commercial, why the- I don't do this. That's wrong. you That needs to be fixed up.
08:31 Umm. Mm-hmm. It's all done in the domestic. Thank listening. And these are the domestic fridges. Just that's formed. But,- with the, commercial photos are not done properly, so I need to fix that up.
09:06 That's probably wa- why you haven't done it so in the drive, if we get a commercial. Umm. And What about freezer?
09:22 Oh, I can see a leaf. Thank you. What about this from? Nah, there's an aquafera's. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that looks ugly.
09:35 But that's- the commercial fridge. This is, uh, this is- this is a semi-commercial fridge because it's sub-zero, but it's more for domestic- I wouldn't recommend we use this.
09:46 Umm. In all honesty, I'm not just typing. Alright, baby! Thank you! Great job! Bye! Commercial fridges. And we can get a photo like something like this we need to upload.
09:59 But that's- Fiction. A broken fridge or freezer can spoil food, we will repair temperature regulation problems. Well, that Now, we can do some major brands for- domestic and we can also mention some major brands for commercial.
10:27 And I will also mention in this little description here saying that- If required, our technicians are also capable of doing regassing or fridges as well.
10:38 That's super important. Or in this section of the description for fridge and fridges, ovens. Ok, this is wrong as well.
10:47 . . . So this, this photo, I would, or even this photo, you can leave it as the oven domestic repair. But this one here needs to change to a commercial.
10:55 Let's have a look, probably not your fault again. Commercial. commercial. Uhh, uhh, hmmm. What is up in? I'll see All done.
11:08 on. Come on. On. Yep. Okay. That's why. It's, it's here, but it shouldn't be here. Your commercial oven, you can use- Thank so much Something like this.
11:33 I think this photo would be perfect to go there. Or even better if you've got like a rationale, uh, combi oven that would be- much better.
11:41 Yeah, something like this, but uh, a big one. What's this? you You can do that, but. Uh, it would be better if we did, like, a rationale, uh, combial, and that's, like, a big one.
11:58 Yeah, tell me like this. I think I did give you this link, umm, already. Yeah, I did. I remember I gave it to you.
12:08 I think you didn't look it up. So something like this, as you can see, the price on these ovens hurts.
12:13 I if that's the ones you see if they are. But that's what I would upload, umm, for the commercial ones.
12:19 you If we can find some images. Yeah, something like this, for example. Cool. Umm, ehm, ehm. you ehm, something like this.
12:35 But that's not good because it's outside. You want something in the kitchen. Even something. You be like this. You can apply this image, for example.
12:44 I hope. That would be good. No, no, no, no, no. And Probably not that. That's a smaller one. But I would definitely do a combi oven and I would definitely do rationale.
12:58 Chanel. For the pick chain commercial. commercial. Whether your oven won't hate the Chinese noise, the other door won't close properly, even more stuff.
13:10 Oh. You can do here, we repair. Okay. All types of ovens, uh, mention, uh, and some we repair all ovens.
13:27 A few that we do repair is- electric ovens, gas ovens, conventional ovens, joe few ovens. Umm. And much, much more.
13:38 And I would say to ensure safe and efficient operations, LTVs license to work on both household and commission. Yep, that's fine.
13:47 Dishwasher appears. Okay. That's, that's fine. On the bench, I would probably put, The other side, in my opinion, much better, that I gave you.
14:06 Uhm, I gave you, like, a hook type dishwasher. Uhm. Ah, but that was with my brother in there, so you probably can't do that.
14:13 Uhm, dishwasher commercial repair. Okay. Is it a good idea that we're putting a single drawer here? Wouldn't it be better to put a normal- We'll do.
14:25 English washer here, in my opinion. Umm. And Now oven repairs and stove repairs are exactly the same thing. Just for your information.
14:43 So that's a commercial oven and stove. Both. And that's a domestic oven repair. That's fine too, but that photo is really shit.
14:56 I would change that. But this photo's been- perfect. Uhh, coming back to dishwasher. for a shot. Again, I would do a little bit of, you know, I would mention a few brands of domestic.
15:13 I miss it. Pick. And then I would mention a few brands of commercial and just so much more. Doesn't have to be much like these brands that you've done, Meelo, Bosch and Escopo.
15:21 I would probably mention like four or five brands in domestic. and I'll see you video. The top five brands in domestic, and the top five brands in commercial.
15:33 That's what I will do. And then, over here, uhh, here instead of having oven repairs and then stove repairs, you can have both, it's fine.
15:43 But put this underneath uhh, uhh, oven. What's his name? Evan repairs, cause it's the same thing. Dishwasher repairs is fine, dryer.
15:53 Right. Umm, dryer dryer repairs, commercial dryer repairs. That was exciting. Yea yes. a S. S. I would put here where I repaired the mastic vented.
16:09 That's pretty Okay. Uhh, condensate and heat pump trials. Along with commercial dryers. Cause these ones are domestic. And the other one.
16:18 One is commercial. Using genuine parts. Long lasting results. And then I will do the same thing. I think this needs to be done for all mentioned.
16:26 The top 5 brands for domestic and the top 5 brands for commercial. Example we would put, you know, with service sims.
16:34 Okay. I'm going to let you relax. Uh, I've given you the excel sheet with what is the highest number of repairs.
16:39 Just have a look at that. And see what is our. No. The highest, uhh, repair rate of brands. They just put them as your top five for commercial and for domestic.
16:49 Umm, ehm, ehm. And then again, over here, we haven't got, uhh, the main one which is washing machine repairs. Where's that?
16:58 That's gone. So, washing machine repairs is not there. Uhh, if you really want to, you can- you can mix and match stove and oven repair so you can make one less.
17:11 Free gym freezers is there, it's fine. So you got- I would have it like, umm, coffee machine. Because that photo looks nice.
17:21 Once. We need to And then I would have underneath that, I would do fridge freezer, which is good. I'll learn repairs, which is good.
17:29 Umm, up and inside you can mix. Dishwasher repair, you can do. Umm, what about cooktop repairs? What about range hood repairs?
17:38 Okay, yes. Umm, and then I will do the laundry well, do washing machine repairs and then dryer repairs. So that's my- I'll send you back on that section.
17:49 And then, white Melbourne chooses city-wide, uh, apply- lines for pace, with over to all the areas of experience. Keeps. I would restur- I would restur would restur rephrase this here saying 12 months warranty on parts, specifically put that down on parts.
18:25 Thanks for watching and I'll just rephrase that he is saying 12 months on parts warranty and 3 months on level warranty guaranteed for your peace and mind.
18:43 That's fine. What you can do expert technicians just say, certified and in-house training- train. And technicians. That's what I will change that to as a cell point.
18:56 And then over here, like you messaged me. Good morning. I'm happy for you to, umm, look, instead of removing all appliances and then taking it off because- Because, There's too much.
19:08 What don't you do for all of them where you put- Good. Umm, one line or two lines and then you have a button here saying click to view more.
19:18 That's it. And then, if they want to see more, they can, if they don't, they don't have to. And then again, over here, you've got domestic appliances, but you've got a commercial, commercial dishwasher.
19:28 You've got domestic appliances, commercial dishwasher, commercial dishwasher. Commercial, commercial, washing machine or dryer. Commercial, commercial, commercial. So, this doesn't make sense.
19:44 . . . . Then, commercial appliances, you've got the same photos. And then, inspection. Umm. Mm-hmm. You probably want to have some photos of- Both.
19:59 Uhh, the appliance being inspected, with the appliance opened, like the front cover opened, and you're- you know, viewing the whole overall appliance.
20:09 That's maybe something that we need to get some photos, I can raise this with Shaquille. That's- what I will do in that section and then return with parts.
20:19 There's nothing but what we also need to do and I don't know if Shaquille has done this. Let's have a look.
20:26 Overall, uhm, parts pictures. which is Yeah, see, we need to do this. We need photos like this to show old motor and new motor.
20:38 No. That's what we're going to put in the parts section. You don't want to do like, uh, ehm- even this old and new.
20:46 That's perfect. I wouldn't do parts that are already packaged, you know. you don't want that. Like, for example, how you head on the website.
20:54 the the website over here. Like this. With the technicians now. Yeah, you don't want this. So, take that off. That doesn't look good.
21:04 Umm, for the part section. Oh And then for the new units, this obviously hasn't been updated, so that also needs to be fixed in my opinion.
21:14 So, in the recondition. So this whole section, you need to fix up. You haven't fixed that up. Umm, and then you've got, Melbourne's Trusted Appliance Repair Expo since 2009.
21:37 Yep, this is good, but k- Thank you. Can you move this section a little bit over so it doesn't hit this image?
21:44 And you can see the full image. And then looking at this little section here. Providing quality service since 2001. Bye.
22:06 Like I did say for the other one, I would say local experienced. Before they go out, we train them in-house.
22:33 . . . For this area, you can put sp- I pass the lever to your door with technicians carrying common parts. I would put it at common height.
22:43 I'd like to, turn over parts, so I'd just put high turnover here, in their vans and multiple warehouse. Don't put multiple warehouses across Australia, because we only have one warehouse in Australia, so change that.
23:02 Change this saying, uh, great prices on. Just put some in there saying. Thank you for your If by chance we can't repair your appliance, then we also offer new appliances and recondition appliances.
23:15 All right. That we can supply and fit for your convenience. It's. This needs to be updated. I know you're doing this probably for the B2B side of things, but that definitely- it definitely does need to be updated.
23:34 Umm. Probably want to put some- something on the lines of a evil business. And if you are, we can help.
23:43 And then just outline What are the services that we do help such as? Childcare centers, government agencies, schools, government schools.
23:54 tools. Umm, facility management, that sort of thing, if that makes sense. All for rise. Nice. He's American spelling and needs to be with an S.
24:06 face. All the rest of the live manufacturer warranty appears in official services. Just put down that- You We are an authorized agent warranty, I'm sorry, authorized manufacturer warranty repairs.
24:27 Paris. For a number of brands. And then, yeah, we can sort of go from there. Put it, you can put it as saying, uh, please call our office if you would like a list.
24:41 Or we can have a list somewhere in the website with a, without brains to say, what, uh, what are we authorized for?
24:48 What are we not? So, uh, that's what I would suggest. guests. Now, brains re-service. This is good. You've got domestic at the top and commercial at the bottom.
24:59 Euro tag. Okay. It's domestic that needs to go up. All right, let's Dura, I think, is the long logo. All right.
25:35 Yeah, that's the correct logo. Okay. So that needs to be updated. Miele, I think, is a red icon. Not this one, so I think that's, the phone as well.
25:46 All right. Yeah, that's the correct melee, uh, icon. No. Fae got his commercial. That needs to go on the second line, so keep the m- stick on the top brand and commercial on the bottom brand.
26:13 And then, how it works. I find this repair process. This is, I'm very proud to say that, uhm, I wouldn't put, we are proud to say that we are the only company in Australia to offer this- because there's other companies, then that's lying.
26:36 So, change that. Response to your customer. Okay, call us 16. If there's a week for fast-friendly bookings, I'll certify that technicians arrive on time.
26:52 . . . Set up putting arrive on time, just put arrive at your property. . . . equipped. main . equipped to diagnose and repair for your convenience, and then applying to repair the outpatient patient visits your site and completes to appear on the spot.
27:06 Where possible? You don't have to put subject to availability here. Subject to availability is, You Umm, when they call here, for same day service, they're drunk.
27:19 So, that's what, uuh, What needs to get updated there? Umm, and then, I have, I haven't looked at this, but I'm guessing this will go there.
27:34 About, Brads. It's, Okay. Before I go- go into the other brands, let me get you to fix this first. Umm, I'll send you the loom video.
27:48 Thank you for in the I'll transcript the video from loom as well, and I'll send you a email for this so you can have a look.
27:57 Umm, let me just say- if I've missed anything else. Uhh, I think that's pretty- very much it. The only one thing that I was going to say is- If we look at the smilebob here, it's good that this is- Please.
28:19 Yeah, but, uhm, I think that's perfect. On the mobile over here. Thank you. That's a mistake. So where's the wrist?
28:41 interests. Over here, there should be a button to say, click to view more. And then- And on this one here, there should have an option to select all.
28:56 Okay, that's another error I can already see that old van needs to be removed. Just keep it only with the new van.
29:05 So, anyway, let me get you to update the home- page first, and then we go from there. Yeah. Let's just see here.
29:20 Yep. . I'm not going to give you any feedback on that for the time. Me, let's do one at a time.
29:25 One thing that I do want to say. Is definitely I like this image with the commercial appliances in the back.
29:31 And I'll take this one there. That's awesome. Technician smiling. Looks really, really good. Good. I like that. Umm, I think you are doing coffee machine repairs.
29:42 Yes. Yeah, like even this needs to be fixed. You go. Go. Anna, that's a coffee machine with me in my bed.
29:54 Breville. This needs to change, cuz that's not a discharge, so- that's wrong. Umm. You And this drawer needs to be an actual destroy, that's not, that's oven repairs.
30:35 That's cooked up repairs, that's washing machine. Yeah, the rest is okay, umm, but that definitely needs to be fixed. We'll next week.
30:45 Because it's, uh, not a dish throw. This is an Electrolux dishwasher. Anyway, I'll give you this for the time being- you If you can work on that first, once the home page is updated, then I can look at the other pages and I'll do them one by one for you.
